## US34

#### As a Room Owner [or Power User, or Administrator], I want to get the maximum instantaneous temperature difference between a device in the room and the outside, in a given period.

### Description
In order to achieve this, the user should choose the temperature sensor that wants to consider as the reference for the inside temperature.
The user should have access to the list of all rooms in the house and then the list of all devices for a chosen room.
For a chosen device, the user should have access to the list of temperature sensors that belong to that device, in order to choose one.
The system should then retrieve the maximum instantaneous temperature difference between the readings of the chosen sensor (representing the inside temperature) and the readings of a temperature sensor in a standard device outside (representing  the outside temperature), for a given period. Instantaneous temperature is considered as the difference between readings taken within a system-specific interval. A double value should be returned to the user.

### Use cases
- List rooms of house
- List devices in the chosen room
- List temperature sensors in the chosen device
- Get the maximum instantaneous temperature difference between readings of the chosen sensor and a standard sensor outside.

### Acceptance tests
- For all tests: A valid house should be created, rooms should be created for the house and devices should be created for the rooms. For each device, sensors should be created and added, and some measurements should be created for each sensor. 


- Success test: Test if the maximum instantaneous temperature difference between the readings of the chosen sensor and the readings of the sensor outside is returned to the user. Method should return a double value equal or greater than 0.
- Fail test: Fail to return the maximum instantaneous temperature difference for a given period when the chosen sensor in a room or the temperature sensor from the device outside have no readings. Method should return -1.
- Fail test: Fail to return the maximum instantaneous temperature difference for a sensor that does not exist. Method should return -1.
