## US36

#### As a Power User or Administrator, I want to get the peak power consumption of the house, in a given period. The house has a device acting as the grid power meter and may have several devices metering power sources (e.g. solar panel array).


### Description
In order to achieve this, the user should choose a period of time to consider for the peak power consumption.
The system will search for all devices that have sensors of type power consumption and will return the maximum power consumption value in the chosen period.

### User story decisions
The system have 3 sensor functionalities of power/energy sensors: 'Specific Time Power Consumption' (W), 'Power Average' (W) and 'Electric Energy Consumption' (Wh).
According to the PO on 08/05/2024:
- every house has one Grid Power Meter - we will consider it as the device with the ID "Grid Power Meter" which will be defined it the config properties file of the application
- it is acceptable to assume that the Grid Power Meter device has sensor of either 'Power Average' (W) or 'Electric Energy Consumption' (Wh) functionalities - we will consider only the 'Power Average' sensor functionality
- it is acceptable to assume that devices that represent Power Sources may have sensor of either 'Specific Time Power Consumption' (W), 'Power Average' (W) or 'Electric Energy Consumption' (Wh) - we will consider only the 'Specific Time Power Consumption' sensor functionality
- all readings from Grid Power Meter and Power Sources will be summed up within the same instant
- the peak power consumption corresponds to the highest value obtained among these instants
- portuguese and spanish regulations demand that Grid Power Meters have values every 15 minutes; to ensure that every instant includes one reading from the power grid meter - an instant will be defines as the inetrval between the end time of the Grid Power Meter value minus the defined period in the regulations (this is configuralble in the config properties file of the application)

### Use cases
- Get the maximum power consumption of the house in a given period.

### Acceptance tests

- Success test: Return the maximum power consumption for a given period. The method should return the maximum power consumption value in the chosen period.
- Fail test: Fail to return the maximum power consumption when there is no devices with power consumption sensors. The method should return 0.
- Fail test: Fail to return the maximum power consumption when there is no measurements in the given period for the sensors. The method should return 0.
