## US39

#### _As a User, I want to have current outside temperature on the front/main page of my Web App (updated every 15 minutes, starting at 00:00)._

### Description
This functional requirement includes the following features:
- Get current outside temperature

### Planning
In order to accomplish the requirements, 1 endpoints needs to be created, 1 endpoint needs to be updated:
- Define Group House Location for Weather API, update: PATCH {API_URL}/house
- Get Outside Temperature for hour: GET {API_URL}/house/weather

### Implementation
#### Step 1
In `smarthome/gateway/`
- Add a new interface WeatherAPIGateway
- Add a new class WeatherAPIGatewayHttpImpl that implements the WeatherAPIGateway interface with HTTP method calls.
- Add the WeatherAPI Http to a Config file.
- Add a method to ConfigScrapper to get the WeatherAPI Http.

#### Step 2
In `smarthome/service/WeatherAPIService.java`:
- Add a new function to handle the POST /WeatherServiceConfiguration WeatherAPI endpoint with business considerations.
- Add a new function to handle the GET /InstantaneousTemperature WeatherAPI endpoint with business considerations.

#### Step 3
The component `smarthome/controllerweb/HouseControllerWeb.java` will be updated to:
- Add a new function to the endpoint PATCH /house endpoint with the new WeatherAPI configuration.
- Add a new function to getTemperatureForHour with GET /house/weather.

#### Step 4
In `frontend/src/components`
- Add a new component `Thermometer.js` to display the current temperature.
- Add style to `Thermometer.css` to style the Thermometer component.

In `frontend/src/config`
- Add a new file `config.js` to store the current reload time for temperature readings, default 15 minutes.

#### Step 5
- Update the UI to include a thermometer with the current outside temperature.
    - Ensure the thermometer has dynamic colours depending on the temperature.
- Add Loading feature to the thermometer while the temperature is being fetched.
- Add a Weather Service Unavailable message if the Weather Service is down.
- Add a fetch call to the Weather API to get the current temperature every reload time.
