# US46 and US 47 - Containerization of application
#### US 46 - As Product Owner, I want the project database (Maria DB or MySQL) to be deployed in a docker.
#### US 47 - As Product Owner, I want the system to be hosted in a tomcat server and connect to a database container to persist information.
## Container structure:


- The SmartHome System is split into 3 containers:
  - [Frontend](DockerfileFrontend)
  - [Backend](DockerfileBackend)
  - [Database](DockerfileDatabase)
 
## Container provisions:
Some containers may utilize custom files to provision the container.
- All containers:
  - [ssh key](docker_img_provisions/id_rsa): The ssh key is used to clone the repository into the container. This is needed for the frontend and backend containers.  
Due to the nature of ssh keys, and the way line ends are handled by UNIX and DOS based OS, the key must be converted to a UNIX format, since it is generated without CRLF (just LF). 

- Backend:
  - [application.properties](docker_img_provisions/application.properties): The application is structured to use H2 in-memory database by default. When deployed in a container, the application must use a Mariadb database. 
  To achieve this, a custom application.properties is copied into the container to override the default one.

- Database:
  - [Starting data for database](docker_img_provisions/base_data.sql): The database is populated with a custom set of data in order to fully populate the database with necessary data.


### Frontend:
The Frontend container uses a node base image and clones the repository into itself.
Git and OpenSSH are installed to clone the repository.
Then `npm install` is used to install all frontend dependencies and `npm start` is used to launch the frontend server.  
The server is listening on port `3000` and the frontend is accessible through the browser on `localhost:3000`.

### Backend:
The Backend container uses a tomcat 10 base image and clones the repository into itself.
Git, OpenSSH and Maven are installed to clone the repository and build the project.
Then `mvn clean install` is used to build the project and the generated war file is copied from the `target` folder to the tomcat webapps folder.
The Server is then run, listening on port `8080`.    

<b>NOTE:</b> `ARG CACHEBUST=1` is used to force the docker to avoid using the cache when building the image. This is to insure that the repository is always cloned.

### Database:
The Database container will use a mariadb base image and will be provided with a starting set of data using a [sql script](docker_img_provisions/base_data.sql).
The data port of the database is `3306`

#### SQL script:
- The script must have tables names and variables wrapped in backticks ` `` `to avoid table/column duplication.
- Columns with more than one word must be separated by an underscore `_` to avoid column duplication.
- ENUMS like Device Status should be written in CAPS.

## Compose file:
The [compose file](compose.yaml) is responsible for orchestrating the 3 containers.  
All run in a single network, specified as `app-network` and the containers are:
- Frontend: `frontend`: The frontend container is listening on port `3000` and is dependent on the `backend` container.
- Backend: `backend`: The backend container is listening on port `8080` and is dependent on the `database` container.
- Database: `database`: The database container is listening on port `3306` and is dependent on the `backend` container.
